## To get started there are two options.

1. Using docker. (If you got docker installed)

2. Manual set up. 


####Set up via docker

docker-compose up 


####Manual setup. 

Requirements. 

* install virtual env 
    
        sudo pip3 install virtualenv
        

* Create the virtual environment 
        
        
        virtualenv .pycon_venv
        
        # (This command is specifying the version of python to use when creating the virtual env)
        virtualenv  .pycon_venv 
  
* Activate the virtual env 

    
    source .pycon_venv/bin/activate
  
* Install USSD airflow and its dependencies
  
    
    pip install -r requirements.txt
  
* Apply the migrations created. 
  
    
    python manage.py migrate
  
* Verify screens are valid. 

    
    python manage.py validate_ussd_journey ./register_app/customer-journey.yml
  
* Run the server 

    
    python manage.py runserver 8000
  

## Deploying

For this workshop we recommend either of the following options
    
    1. Using ngrok to serve youer application locally 
    
    2. Deploying to heroku

####`Configuring ngrok`
`(Ngrok will be used route USSD traffic 
from your phone to the USSD server we have just runned)`

* Download ngrok from
  https://ngrok.com/download
  
* Unzip ngrok
  unzip /path/to/ngrok.zip

* Run ngrok
    
        ./ngrok  http  8000  
        #If you are running the server on a different port. Use that port here. 
 
#### `Deploying to heroku`
    
        heroku login
        heroku create
        
        # deploying command
        git push heroku master
 
##Obtaining a short code. 

  Copy the URL generated by Ngrok. Sample URL Sample URL http://b58131f5.ngrok.io
  Either http or https is fine
  
  Using your browser visit 
  http://nginx.africastalking-ussd-routing.fb8146d3.svc.dockerapp.io/
  
  Post the URL generated by ngrok to receive a short code
  
  Dial via you cell phone and interact with the menus that you have created.